>> Todd Gardner: Now there's another
signal that we can we can use for this,
what if instead of like decorating
all the things that aren't LCP.
What if we just say, hey,
get started on the LCP thing faster,
which is the next thing we're gonna do,
which is eager loading.
If we know something is important,
we can tell the browser to go faster.
Here's kind of what our
waterfall looks like right now,
where we have this LCP element that
we're starting whenever we get to it.
And we're deferring, or we're lazy
loading a bunch of other images, but
there's still a bunch of time here that
maybe we could start this thing sooner.
Well,we already learned
one way we could do this,
we could just add a preload for
it, just like we did it for fonts.
We know this thing is important,
we go ahead and
preload the image as an image and
tell the browser to start downloading it.
Now that works great,
we're absolutely gonna do that.
But there's another thing that you can do,
sometimes this isn't ergonomic.
You don't want to necessarily add
a reference to this image in two different
places in your HTML.
And so the other thing that you can
do is there is an attribute called
FetchPriority, and
this is a way of instructing the browser.
Is this resource either high or
low priority which is essentially
the opposite of lazy load, right?
And this works on image, scripts and
links, now this isn't 100% right?
This does not work in Gecko, this does not
work in Firefox, they do not support this.
This is this is too new,
and so it works in Chrome,
it works where LCP matters for SEO,
but it doesn't work everywhere.
Link preload works everywhere.
So I recommend that if you have the
situation where there's one image that's
so clearly the thing you
should do preload, and
just get started with it earlier.
Now we're gonna go ahead and
we're gonna do both.
So here on our document, let's close
all the things and go back to source.
Here in our index, we have these
two images for desktop and mobile.
And they are not lazy loaded,
which is giving them a little bit
of a priority right there, but
we can be explicit about that and
add the fetch priority, Hi.
I'm gonna go ahead and
do this to both of them.
Now this is gonna give
an indication to the browser, so
these are high priority things
get started on them fast.
Don't let other things get in the way
if these things are in your queue,
but it's still waiting for
us to discover these things in the queue.
It's still waiting until the document has
been parsed down this far before it even
gets started.
We can short circuit that and
add some preloads like we did up here,
just like we did for these fonts,
I'm just gonna take a little copy of that
Copy-paste development for
the win as image,
we can just go ahead and preload this.
We know we're gonna need it,
we know it's gonna be referenced,
let's get started on it sooner.
We're gonna do both of them
because right now they're
both being loaded, Alright.
>> Student: Do you need
the cross-origin still?
>> Todd Gardner: We don't actually,
Not for
images,okay, fetch priority.
And preload LCP.
Okay, I'm gonna do a load there first, and
I'm gonna do that, so we're gonna do re
performance profile
this after that change.
And now what we'll see,
Is these hero desktop and
hero mobile are starting as
soon as they possibly can,
like we can't get it going any far,
any anymore to the left.
We've advanced these as
far as they can go, now,
still downloading these other things
lazily, but we know about these things.
We're fetching them as fast as we possibly
can, now, what's left is the fact that it
still takes us for fricking ever to
download these images out till 10 seconds,
and that's the next thing
we're gonna talk about.